Update README.md (#5)
runpod/tetra-rp: README.md

# Tetra: Serverless GPU Computing for AI Workloads

<p align="center">
  <b>Dynamic GPU provisioning for ML workloads with transparent execution</b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#overview">Overview</a> •
  <a href="#installation">Installation</a> •
  <a href="#quick-start">Quick Start</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#examples">Examples</a> •
  <a href="#configuration">Configuration</a> •
  <a href="#troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</a>
</p>

---

## Overview

The Tetra-RunPod integration provides seamless access to on-demand GPU resources through RunPod's serverless platform. With a simple decorator-based API, you can execute functions on powerful GPUs without managing infrastructure, while Tetra handles all the complexity of provisioning, communication, and state management.

## Installation

```bash

> pip install tetra

Reviewer: do we have access to this package, as it seems it already exists: https://pypi.org/project/tetra

# Configure RunPod resource
runpod_config = ServerlessResource(
    templateId="jizsa65yn0",  # Replace with your template ID
    gpuIds="any",
    workersMin=1,  # Key for persistence: keep worker alive
    workersMax=1,
    name="example-diffusion-server",
)

# Define a function to run on RunPod GPU
@remote(
    resource_config=runpod_config,
    resource_type="serverless",
    dependencies=["torch", "numpy"]
)
def gpu_compute(data):
    import torch
    import numpy as np
    
    # Convert to tensor and perform computation on GPU
    tensor = torch.tensor(data, device="cuda")
    result = tensor.sum().item()
    
    # Get GPU info
    gpu_info = torch.cuda.get_device_properties(0)
    
    return {
        "result": result,
        "gpu_name": gpu_info.name,
        "cuda_version": torch.version.cuda
    }

async def main():
    # Run the function on RunPod GPU
    result = await gpu_compute([1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
    print(f"Result: {result['result']}")
    print(f"Computed on: {result['gpu_name']} with CUDA {result['cuda_version']}")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(main())
```

## Key Features

### Dynamic GPU Provisioning

> Automatically provision GPUs on demand without manual setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically provision GPUs on demand without any manual setup:
```

```python
@remote(
    resource_config=runpod_config,
    resource_type="serverless"
)
def my_gpu_function(data):
    # Runs on GPU when called
    return process(data)
```

### Automatic Dependency Management

> Specify dependencies to be installed on the serverless endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify `dependencies` you need, which are automatically installed for you:
```

        }
        
        return coefficients
    else:
        # Inference mode (assuming coefficients are passed as first element)
        coefficients = features[0]
        actual_features = features[1:]
        
        # Recreate classifier
        classifier = LogisticRegression()
        classifier.coef_ = np.array(coefficients["coef"])
        classifier.intercept_ = np.array(coefficients["intercept"])
        classifier.classes_ = np.array(coefficients["classes"])
        
        # Predict
        predictions = classifier.predict(actual_features)
        probabilities = classifier.predict_proba(actual_features)
        
        return {
            "predictions": predictions.tolist(),
            "probabilities": probabilities.tolist()
        }

# Complete pipeline
async def text_classification_pipeline(train_texts, train_labels, test_texts):
    # Extract features
    train_features = await extract_features(train_texts)
    test_features = await extract_features(test_texts)
    
    # Train classifier
    model = await classify(train_features, train_labels)
    
    # Predict
    predictions = await classify([model] + test_features)
    
    return predictions
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: please move this section directly after "quick start" as it's very important for users to directly understand what the config means in combination with the example from the quick start

### Configuration Parameters

> | Parameter | Description | Default | Example Values |

Reviewer: please add a column "required" that just has "yes" or "no" and set the "default" as really just the default value, so for example `''` when its the `name`

|-----------|-------------|---------|---------------|

> | `name` | Name for your endpoint | Required | "stable-diffusion-server" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | Name for your endpoint | Required | "stable-diffusion-api" |
```

> | `gpuIds` | Type of GPU to request | GpuGroups.ADA_24.value | GpuGroups.AMPERE_16.value, GpuGroups.ADA_80.value |

Reviewer: these values make no sense and have no meaning to users. do you mean https://docs.runpod.io/references/gpu-types maybe?

| `gpuCount` | Number of GPUs per worker | 1 | 1, 2, 4 |
| `workersMin` | Minimum number of workers | 0 | Set to 1 for persistence |
| `workersMax` | Maximum number of workers | 3 | Higher for more concurrency |

> | `idleTimeout` | Minutes before scaling down | 5 | 10, 30, 60 |

Reviewer: what does this mean? it will scale down, even when i'm working with it? or when there is nothing happening on the endpoint? make this more clear please!

| `env` | Environment variables | None | `{"HF_TOKEN": "xyz"}` |

> | `networkVolumeId` | Persistent storage ID | None | "vol_abc123" |

Reviewer: why would we need a network storage? you have to think about, that people have no idea and they start using tetra for the first time interacting with us. how can we help them to understand why this is needed? doesn't need to be in here, you can also have a separate section under the table to explain certain config options.

Reviewer: it could also be a link to our docs if its explained there

Reviewer 2: This is modeled after our Serverless Endpoint creation object. We can revisit the definitions. For now, these are completely specced for general Serverless creation according to our existing SDK and API. Also, I have distinguished Tetra Serverless now as LiveServerless (which inherits ServerlessResource). It's just a kind of Serverless.

| `executionTimeoutMs` | Max execution time (ms) | 0 (no limit) | 600000 (10 min) |

> | `scalerType` | Scaling strategy | QUEUE_DELAY | NONE, QUEUE_SIZE |

Reviewer: link to docs to explain what these are

> | `scalerValue` | Scaling parameter value | 4 | 1-10 range typical |

Reviewer: link to docs to explain what this is

> | `allowedCudaVersions` | Restrict CUDA versions | "" (any) | "11.7,11.8" |

Reviewer: why use such an old CUDA version as example?

> | `locations` | Preferred datacenter locations | None | "us-east,eu-central" |

Reviewer: why do i need to worry about this as a user?

Author: I mean, it's subjective, User might need want to know.

### RunPod Configuration Options

```python
runpod_config = ServerlessResource(
    gpuIds="any",

>     workersMin=1,  # Key for persistence: keep worker alive

Reviewer: i would again get rid of this comment and explain the importance in the "configuration" table

    workersMax=1,
    name="example-diffusion-server",
   ...
)
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Model Loading Failures**

If model loading fails:

> 1. Check disk space on the worker

Reviewer: how can i do that? is this related to the template? 

imagine that i as a user have zero ideas what this means and how i can set anything up.

2. Use smaller models for testing

> 3. Consider saving/loading models in chunks

Reviewer: what does this mean? how can i do that?

Author: This is something I am working on. Removing it for now.

**Connection Errors**

If you see connection errors:

1. Verify your RunPod API key is valid
2. Check endpoint status in RunPod dashboard

> 3. Try deleting and recreating the endpoint

Reviewer: how can i do that? i only use tetra and never touched the RunPod UI.

Author: Makes sense.
